Updated README and CONTRIBUTING (#1418)
ZupIT/charlescd: README.md

For this reason, we consider CharlesCD a Darwinism's application within the development and programming universe.

## **What does Charles do?**
* Simple segmentation of users based on their profile or even demographic data;
* Creation of deployment strategies in an easier and more sophisticated way using circles;
* Easy version management in case of multiple releases in parallel in the production environment;
* Monitoring the impacts of each version using metrics defined during the creation of the deployment.

## **Start using CharlesCD**
### **Installing Charles**
CharlesCD's installation considers these components:

1. Charles' architecture specific modules; 
2. **Keycloak**, used for the project's authentication and authorization. However, if you already have an Identity Manager (IDM) and you want to use it, you have just to configure it during Charles' installation;
3. A PostgreSQL database for backend modules (`charlescd-moove`, `charlescd-butler`,`charlescd-villager`, `charlescd-gate` e `charlescd-compass`) and Keycloak;
4. A **Redis**:  To be used by `charlescd-circle-matcher`;

> 5. By default, a module called `octopipe` is already in Charles' installation. This is a native platform created by our team to make installation easier, without previous configurations. However, you can disable it in the installation files.

Reviewer: I think that `octopipe` isn't used anymore. Right?

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

<img class="special-img-class" src="/images/logo.png"  alt="CharlesCD logo"/>

## **Table of contents**
### 1. [**About**](#about)
### 2. [**Getting Started**](#getting-started)
>#### 2.1. [**Requirements**](#requirements)
>#### 2.2. [**Installation**](#installation)
>#### 2.3. [**Usage**](#usage)
### 3. [**Documentation**](#documentation)
### 4. [**Contributing**](#contributing)
>#### 4.1. [**Developer Certificate of Origin - DCO**](#developer-certificate-of-origin-DCO)
### 5. [**Code of Conduct**](#Ccde-of-conduct)
### 6. [**License**](#license)
### 7. [**Community**](#community)

 
<br>
<br>
<br>

# **About**
CharlesCD is an open source project that deploys quickly, continuously, and securely. It allows development teams to simultaneously perform hypothesis validations with specific groups of users.

It is possible to segment your customers through specific characteristics (circles) and, at the same time, submit several versions of the same application for testing with users of the circles.

> 

Reviewer 2: Currently, CharlesCD works with these modules: 

- [**Butler**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/tree/main/butler)
- [**Circle-Matcher**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/tree/main/circle-matcher)
- [**Compass**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/tree/main/compass)
- [**Gate**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/tree/main/gate)
- [**Hermes**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/tree/main/hermes)
- [**Moove**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/tree/main/moove)
- [**UI**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/tree/main/ui)
- [**Villager**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/tree/main/villager)

## **What does Charles do?**
* Simple segmentation of users based on their profile or even demographic data;
* Creation of deployment strategies in an easier and more sophisticated way using circles;
* Easy version management in case of multiple releases in parallel in the production environment;
* Monitoring the impacts of each version using metrics defined during the creation of the deployment.

## **Getting Started**

### **Requirements**
To install Charles your environment needs the following requisites: 
- Kubernetes
- Helm
- Istio (version>= 1.7 and enabled sidecar injection on the deploy namespace of your application).
- Prometheus, in case you want to use metrics. 

### **Installation**
CharlesCD's installation considers these components:

1. Charles' architecture specific modules; 
2. **Keycloak**, used for the project's authentication and authorization. However, if you already have an Identity Manager (IDM) and you want to use it, you have just to configure it during Charles' installation;
3. A PostgreSQL database for backend modules (`charlescd-moove`, `charlescd-butler`,`charlescd-villager`, `charlescd-gate` e `charlescd-compass`) and Keycloak;

> 4. A **Redis** to be used by `charlescd-circle-matcher`;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. A **Redis** to be used by Circle Matcher module (`charlescd-circle-matcher`);
```

> 5. A **RabbitMQ** for `charlescd-hermes` use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. A **RabbitMQ** for `charlescd-hermes` module's use.
```

 
**1. Command line**
 Follow the steps: 
 **Step 1:** Configure your local git environment adding the same name and e-mail configured at your GitHub account. It helps to sign commits manually during reviews and suggestions.

 ```
git config --global user.name “Name”
git config --global user.email “email@domain.com.br”
```
**Step 2:** Add the Signed-off-by line with the `'-s'` flag in the git commit command:

```
$ git commit -s -m "This is my commit message"
```

**2. GitHub website**
You can also manually sign your commits during GitHub reviews and suggestions, follow the steps below: 

**Step 1:** When the commit changes box opens, manually type or paste your signature in the comment box, see the example:

```
Signed-off-by: Name < e-mail address >
```
For this method, your name and e-mail must be the same registered on your GitHub account.

## **Code of Conduct**
Please follow the [**Code of Conduct**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) in all your interactions with our project.

## **License**
 [**Apache License 2.0**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/LICENSE).

## **Community** 

> If you have any questions or ideas, let's chat in our [**forum**](https://forum.zup.com.br/c/en/charles/13).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do you have any question or suggestion about Charles? Let's chat in our [**forum**](https://forum.zup.com.br/c/en/charles/13).
```
